Proposed Game: A variant of Breakout called 'Brick Breaker Showdown'

At least one variant of Breakout that you thought was interesting and what was interesting about it:

Super Breakout: I really liked the concept of power-ups falling out of broken bricks. I plan to incorporate this in my
game.

Brick Breaker Escape: This game implemented different styles of bricks with different amounts of 'health' and different
'breaking' animations. I thought this was pretty cool and will incorporate a variety of brick styles and breaking
animations in my game.

Warlords: I liked the multiplayer aspect of the game and would like to incorporate the idea of multiplayer in a
different way. Instead of four players each protecting their own bricks, I think it would be more interesting if both
players were destroying the same set of bricks, fighting for powerups, aiming to get a higher score before the level
ends. Each player has their own 'main' ball and if they drop it, they lose a life. As soon as one player is out of lives
(or if the game is out of levels), the game is over and the player the higher score wins.


A general description of the different levels you intend to build (perhaps with "pictures" of the brick configurations)

I have uploaded a pdf with layouts for three levels I plan to create. Please check the same folder (doc) in the repo.

Several different bricks you want to create

'Regular' brick - Red breaking animation
'Double points' brick - Blue breaking animation
'Double HP Regular' brick - Red breaking animation each time brick is hit
'Double HP double points' brick - Blue breaking animation each time brick is hit
'Indestructible' brick - animation that shows that the brick cannot break

Several different power ups you want to create

Beneficial Power-Ups:                           Hindering Power Ups:

Two Balls                                       Shortened Paddle
Extended Paddle                                 Increased Ball Speed
Extra Life                                      Bombs (claim a life if collected)
Freeze - Pauses other player's paddle and ball
Double damage

Several different cheat keys you are planning to include

Skip - Press a key to immediately clear a level
Immunity - Press a key to put a protective barrier up that prevents the balls from falling through
Destroy - Press a key allowing you to a click on a brick to make it disappear

Something extra you intend to add and why you think it is a substantial addition

I believe my multiplayer twist to Breakout will allow me to change the game dynamic significantly.
Today, multiplayer games seem to gain much more traction that single player ones and I think my variant will add
an interesting element to this old classic.